README.md, before:

# Learn ramda, the interactive way

![](./docs/demo.gif)

## Thanks

- Kudos to @sdras for inspire https://sdras.github.io/array-explorer
- Kudos to Jan Killian for all the docs https://github.com/ramda/ramda/wiki/What-Function-Should-I-Use

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app). You can learn more in their [documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).


## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

## Learn More


To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

docs: Add links to profiles on the Thanks

README.md, after:

# Learn ramda, the interactive way

![](./docs/demo.gif)

## Why

Ramda might be intimidating for newcomers, so I wanted to create a tool to help!

## Thanks

- Kudos to [Sarah Drasner](https://github.com/sdras) for inspire me with: https://sdras.github.io/array-explorer
- Kudos to [Stefano Vozza](https://github.com/svozza) for creating all the documentation! https://github.com/ramda/ramda/wiki/What-Function-Should-I-Use



This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app). You can learn more in their [documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).


## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

## Learn More


To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
